io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/upstream/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.upstream.R
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/smoothstreaming/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$attr
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$color
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$dimen
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$drawable
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$id
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$integer
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$layout
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$menu
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$string
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$style
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/extractor/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.extractor.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/core/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$attr
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$color
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$dimen
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$drawable
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$id
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$integer
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$layout
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$menu
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$string
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$style
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/firestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$raw
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/example/udance2022/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.udance2022.BuildConfig
androidx/window/java/R.java
 androidx.window.java.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$raw
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$raw
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/google/firebase/appcheck/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$raw
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/hls/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$attr
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$color
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$dimen
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$drawable
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$id
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$integer
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$layout
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$menu
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$string
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$style
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$menu
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
io/flutter/plugins/urllauncher/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/videoplayer/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$menu
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/dash/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$attr
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$color
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$dimen
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$drawable
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$id
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$integer
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$layout
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$menu
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$string
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$style
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/decoder/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.decoder.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$raw
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
com/example/udance2022/R.java
 com.example.udance2022.R
 com.example.udance2022.R$attr
 com.example.udance2022.R$color
 com.example.udance2022.R$dimen
 com.example.udance2022.R$drawable
 com.example.udance2022.R$id
 com.example.udance2022.R$integer
 com.example.udance2022.R$layout
 com.example.udance2022.R$menu
 com.example.udance2022.R$mipmap
 com.example.udance2022.R$raw
 com.example.udance2022.R$string
 com.example.udance2022.R$style
 com.example.udance2022.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/common/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.common.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/database/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.database.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
